we are 10 years old
happy birthday thank you so much
and went to a bar
and the conversation had not yet
moved online
in the way that has moved online
now and one of the first things
that we did you can avail evaded
blogging
because say before having
embossed bloggers tended to be
stereotyped as
people who couldn't get a job
blogging in their pajamas
in their parents basements so
invited you know a lot of people
will
could have access to the new
york times and right there on
books to also blog we wanted
them to be part of the online
conversation
and there is no hierarchy all so
that is also the magic
on the internet that you didn't
know who would be reading What
and what would happen
so Jeff she invents an entire
branch news effectively said at
I don't think I exaggerate when
I say this
notion that blogging but she
then took blogging and used her
rolodex to bring stars into it
and give it some measure of
legitimately Missy yeah ima see
because before that bloggers
like she said which is people
in their underwear in the bay
I'm here my pajamas today yes
yeah
and thinking that everyone cares
about what they think out
yeah but there were there were a
few steps in blogging I started
blogging after 9/11 I was your
new yorkers we were cold war
bloggers at the time
other political bloggers there
are a few bloggers and mommy
bloggers there been these phases
a blogger's
but at the end of the day it's
just people or near pretty
impressed we're all good bird
now
interesting so would you say
that we have entered a new era
of news
but is blocking news yeah not
yet I mean that's really i mean
you you can say we've entered a
new era news but is blogging
news or is it or is it more
opinion driven it's just a
publishing tool it can be
anything
we literally we all have a good
word press in our pocket now we
can all published to the entire
world
we can say we want you that
could be news in the information
it can be opinion it could be
anything we wanted to be it was
a day when we hadn't
tools in place or filters in
place to No
if you didn't otherwise no for
yourself whether
somebody speaking truth
or insightful opinions when you
think we've got her
shed up director saying what and
that entire construct was
nothing more than a mirage yeah
Wow
yeah I was part of the little
guy I but no and who is to say
that that just because I want a
pretty Press I'm the guy who
knows everything you don't
arm no we'll have to wait a
minute where we're
if if I think I ben franklin he
was a printer okay
you don't become that unless
people
trusted what you said know you
go out by a press he got the
money he had the money
you know you by a press that was
wearing them right yeah
women are different I got would
america